# HW10A
I started by going into my Apple Music library and sorting by length, and then picking my favorite song in the 55-60 second range. I chose Coffee (Jack Stauber's Micropop). I began by playing around with circles for the various frequencies because I liked the somewhat jaunty way they interactd with the music. I chose colors for the song simulator that reminded me of coffee. Originally the circles filled the entire screen but then I 1) accidentally hypnotized myself and 2) decided that the color contrast was too stark against the background and I might accidentally induce a seizure in someone. I added the slider to tone down the background contrast as if you were adding cream to coffee which I liked, but it still felt like too much visual input so I mapped the circled to the center of the screen and added a coffee mug for panache. I still needed to do a visualizer for the amplitude so I made some steam and mapped the volume with the transparency. I'm not sure that this will work on all screen sizes but I truly felt like I was in a trance so I had to stop.

#HW10B
I picked the song right away (Bird Song by Florence and the Machine, similarly selectd by going to the 3 minute mark in my Apple Music library) but then had a harder time deciding what the visualization should be. I did some simple line graphs at first and played with the colors to make the color palette match the album artwork. Then I decided I could try to see if I could turn the individual lines (really rectangles) to create a nest and add a bird like in the song. I tried a few different birds until I found a naughty looking one and then tinted it a bit to be more cohesive with the color scheme. I doubt people could tell this is the song peaks without knowing beforehand.